Just a few moments ago,
we learned about the Caesar Cipher.
Let's take a look at it in action.
Here's a basic Python script that will perform
the rotation for us and give us our encrypted message.
We can also use it to decrypt the message.
To run the script, you type python and then the name of the script.
The message to encrypt, we'll type Brutus.
The key will be how far we shift it.
We're going to shift it over four letters.
As you see, there's our output, f, v, y,
x, y, w. Each letter shifted four spaces to the right.
To decrypt, you type in the encrypted message,
and then you go the opposite direction,
minus four, and there's the decrypted message.